1 The process in ITIL where changes are released to an IT environment is called what
A.Problem Management XXX
B.Change Management  XXX
C.Release Management ---
D.Incident Management

2 Which processes are operational processes

3 Which of these are considered best practices

4 which service management process has the responsibility of understanding the root cause of a problem?
A.Problem management     V
B.Change management
C.Incident Management
D.Configuration Management

5 In the video What is IT security, Elio sanabria echeverria put forth a definition that included which factors?
A.The protection of computer hardware xxx
B.The protection of computer software
C.The protection of data
D.The disruption or misdirection of services provided by your system
E.All of the above

6 This description belongs to which information security role? "This position is in charge of testing the effectiveness of computer information systems, including the security of the systems and reports their findings."
A.Information security analyst XXX
B.information security auditor XXX
C.chief information security officer
D.information security architect   XXX

7 Which of these statements more accurately conveys what was started in the video introduction to Process?
A.solid and well documented security processes are making the role of the security analyst increasingly obsolete. XXX
B.As volumes of security alerts and false positive grow, more burden is placed upon security analysts&incident response teams.  v
C.as security monitoring and analysis tools advance and incorporate artificial intelligence, information security organizations are challenged to find new work for underutilized security analysts.

8 COntinual Porcess Improvement consists of which four (4) items?

9 Event management, incident management, and problem management belong to which ITIL service lifecycle phase?
A.Service improvement xxx
B.service strategy XXX
C.service transition XXX
D.service design
E.service operations

10 Maintaining information security policy (ISP) and specific security policies that address each aspect of strategy, objectives and regulations is the part of which ITIL process?
A.Service level management xxx
B.change management XXX
C.problem management
D.information security management ---

